AHH.
[THINKING]
EVER SINCE THAT DUEL
WITH CAMULA,
IT'S BEEN EERILY QUIET.
TOO QUIET.
WHEN THE NEXT SHADOW RIDER
ARRIVES,
IT COULD BE MY TURN TO DUEL.
AND WITH 2 OF THE 7 SPIRIT GATES
ALREADY OPEN,
IT'S MORE IMPORTANT THAN EVER
THAT I BE PREPARED.
GOOD THING I'M WELL EQUIPPED.
HMM?
WHERE ON EARTH
DID THIS CARD COME FROM?
HMM.
SILLY DISTRACTION.
WELL, NOTHING DISTRACTS ME.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[SNORING]
ALL RIGHT.
READY...GET SET...
AND FIRE!
WHOA!
AAH!
HA HA HA!
HIT THE SNOOZE BUTTON.
MORE LIKE
THE SNOOZE TRIGGER.
THAT'S GETTING UP WITH A BANG.
HA HA HA!
BASTION?!
GOOD MORNING, SLEEPYHEADS!
YEAH, WELL,
IT WAS GOOD.
YES. NOW THAT WE'RE ALL AWAKE,
HOW ABOUT SOME GOOD
OLD-FASHIONED DAYBREAK
DUEL EXERCISES?
[ALL GROAN]
All: ONE...TWO...DRAW!
ONE...TWO...DRAW!
[BASTION CONTINUES]
[MOANING]
YEAH. THIS WAS WORTH
GETTING UP FOR.
QUIET. YOU'LL MAKE ME
LOSE COUNT!
HUH?
WHAT THE--
IS THAT THUNDER NYAN NYAN?!
YEAH, IT IS.
I GOT HER A WHILE AGO.
I KIND OF HAVE A BIT OF
A CARD CRUSH ON HER.
CARD CRUSH!
THAT'S SO LAME, SYRUS!
AT LEAST HAVING ONE
ON THAT CARD.
CHECK OUT MINE!
YEAH, SHE'S, UH,
REAL PRETTY, CHUM.
TOTALLY REMINDS ME OF
MY GIRLFRIEND BACK HOME.
HER NAME'S SALLY--
NO, WAIT, ADRIANNA!
HEY, JADEN!
DO YOU HAVE ANY CARD CRUSHES
HIDDEN AWAY
IN YOUR DUELING DECK?
YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT!
THEY BRING
LOADS A' LUCK!
BEG YOUR PARDON!
BUT I THOUGHT
WE WERE TRAINING HERE!
AND TRAINING, GENTLEMEN,
DOES NOT COMPRISE OF STANDING
AROUND AND TALKING ABOUT BIRDS!
DID HE SAY BIRDS?
YA KNOW WHAT?
I'M THINKING THAT BASTION
DOESN'T HAVE A CARD CRUSH.
A CRUSH ON A CARD?!
OF COURSE NOT!
THAT'S JUST PLAIN IRRATIONAL,
ILLOGICAL, RIDICULOUS!
HMM?
[GRUNTS]
LOOK!
LET'S JUST GET BACK
TO OUR DUELING EXERCISES,
ALL RIGHT?
SURE!
BUT I DO HAVE PLANS
TO PLAY SOLITAIRE
WITH THUNDER NYAN NYAN
IN ABOUT 15.
WHAT?!
YOU'LL BE BREAKING THAT DATE...
AND SOON, BREAKING A SWEAT!
NOW, GENTLEMEN,
BACK TO OUR DUEL TRAINING!
AND INTO THE DOGHOUSE
FOR ME.
SHE HATES IT
WHEN I CANCEL ON HER!
SOMEHOW I THINK
SHE'LL UNDERSTAND,
SYRUS.
YA THINK?!
TOTALLY.
IT'S NOT LIKE
SHE'S A REAL GIRLFRIEND!
LIKE SALLY--ER, ADRIANNA.
AND...DRAW!
All: ONE...TWO...DRAW!
HMM. THERE CERTAINLY ARE
A LOT OF ABSENCES TODAY.
HMM. MUST BE A BUG GOING AROUND.
[THINKING]
NONE THAT I'VE HEARD OF.
THERE'S DEFINITELY
SOMETHING STRANGE IN THE AIR.
WELL, BESIDES
ALL OF THAT SNORING.
HUH?
MAY I HELP YOU?
WELL...DO YOU
RECOGNIZE THIS BAG?
YES, IT'S ONE OF
MY STUDENTS'. WHY?
HUH?
I WONDER WHY THAT PACK
WAS LEFT ALL WAY OUT HERE?
INDEED. AND, JADEN,
WHERE ITS OWNER IS.
I HOPE THAT NO ONE IS HURT.
HELLO?!
ANYONE OUT THERE?
[ALL YELLING]
[ALL GASP]
Jaden: WHERE DID THIS
COME FROM?
I'M GOING IN!
Syrus: WAIT UP!
Chumley: OHH, RUNNING.
[MURMURING]
HEY! THAT GUY'S
FROM CLASS!
YEAH, SO IS SHE!
OH, MY!
CROWLER?!
[GROANING]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
A MAN'S WORK.
A MAN'S WORK?
MY, THEY MUST HAVE BEEN RUNNING
VERY SHORT ON MEN.
[ROAR]
HUH?
[SHOUTING]
FIRST A COLISEUM, THEN A TIGER--
WHAT'S NEXT, A GLADIATOR?!
ACTUALLY, I THINK
SHE PREFERS THE TERM AMAZON.
Banner: AMAZON?!
[ALL WHIMPERING]
HUH?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THANKS TO YOUR FRIENDS,
I'VE BEEN ABLE TO
FINALLY FINISH...
MY GLORIOUS ARENA!
ARENA FOR WHAT?
[GASP]
[GRUNT]
DUELING!
JOB WELL DONE!
I HAD NO IDEA THAT
DUEL ACADEMY STUDENTS
COULD MAKE SUCH FINE LABORERS!
NOW, AS PROMISED,
HERE'S YOUR PAYMENT--
SOME RARE CARDS!
WELL DESERVED, I MIGHT ADD!
UNTIL NEXT TIME!
HEY!
WHAT IS GOING ON?!
WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE?
I'M SETTING THE STAGE,
KEY KEEPER,
FOR YOUR VANQUISHING.
I'M ONE OF THE 7 SHADOW RIDERS!
UH-OH.
A SHADOW RIDER?!
AW, MAN.
YOU MEAN,
AW, WO-MAN!
AMAZONS ARE
A WARRIOR RACE
OF ALL FEMALES!
WOW!
YOU GO, GIRL.
THE NAME IS TANIA,
AND NOW THAT THE BATTLEGROUND
HAS BEEN ESTABLISHED,
IT'S TIME THAT WE BATTLE.
NOW, THEN...
WHICH OF YOU BIG, STRONG MEN
WILL IT BE?
AFTER ALL,
I WOULD NEVER HARM A SISTER.
HEY, DON'T DO ME
ANY FAVORS!
SO, WHICH OF YOU MALES
WILL IT BE?
WHO'S MY MAN?!
RIGHT HERE!
YOURS TRULY!
I'LL TAKE YOU!
HMM. IF THIS IS REALLY
THE BEST YOU HAVE TO OFFER,
THEN I SUPPOSE I'LL PICK...
YOU!
HUH?
Jaden: WELL,
CAN'T DUEL 'EM ALL.
HMM.
WHAT IS YOUR NAME?
BASTION...
BASTION MISAWA.
HMM.
ALL RIGHT, PAL!
GO AND GET HER!
Syrus: AND DON'T GO EASY
'CAUSE SHE'S A GIRL!
Chumley: NOT LIKE ANY
THAT I'VE SEEN.
ALL RIGHT!
LET'S DO THIS!
THE ONLY QUESTION IS...
WHICH DECK TO CHOOSE!
REALLY? I HAVE
THE SAME PROBLEM MYSELF.
I HAVE TWO DECKS.
ONE IS OF KNOWLEDGE.
THE OTHER IS OF COURAGE.
WHY DON'T YOU GO AHEAD
AND DECIDE WHICH OF
THE TWO I USE?
FINE, THEN.
I'LL PICK THE DECK
OF KNOWLEDGE!
NICE CHOICE. HMM.
THANK YOU,
BUT IT'S NOT NEARLY
AS NICE AS THE CHOICE
THAT I AM MAKING
FOR MYSELF.
I SELECT MY EARTH DECK!
THEN LET US BEGIN,
AND DON'T WORRY--
THIS ISN'T A SHADOW GAME.
BEG YOUR PARDON?
YOU HEARD ME, BASTION!
I DON'T WANT YOUR SOUL!
I WANT YOU, BIG BOY!
OHH!
IT'S LIKE THIS:
MY TRIBE'S ALL WOMEN,
SO TO MARRY...
I HAVE TO SHOP AROUND.
TO MARRY?!
THAT'S RIGHT, HON.
NOW LET'S DO THIS.
DUEL!
ALL RIGHT, IT'S MY TURN!
AND FIRST, I'LL SUMMON...
THE AMAZONESS SWORDSWOMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
I'M UP! HA!
AND I SUMMON
TO THE FIELD
MAGNET WARRIOR...
SIGMA PLUS!
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW, MAGNET WARRIOR,
ATTACK THAT AMAZONESS!
LODESTONE BATON BASH!
WHY'D BASTION
LOSE LIFE POINTS?
BECAUSE OF
MY AMAZONESS' ABILITY.
HER OPPONENT TAKES
ALL BATTLE DAMAGE
THAT WAS DEALT TO HER.
HE WALKED RIGHT
INTO THAT ONE.
YEAH, THAT'S NOT
LIKE BASTION.
NUH-UH!
IT'S JUST LIKE BASTION.
THINK ABOUT IT!
SURE, HE HAS
FEWER LIFE POINTS,
BUT SHE HAS FEWER
MONSTERS!
SMART MOVE!
YEAH, UNTIL I PLAY...
MY FACEDOWN CARD!
PRIDE OF TRIBE!
THIS TRAP ACTIVATES
WHEN AMAZONESS IS DESTROYED!
NOW I CAN SUMMON ANOTHER ONE
FROM MY DECK.
SO TELL ME, WHO HERE
IS THE SMART ONE NOW, HMM?
YOU MISCALCULATED
ON THAT LAST MOVE!
AFTER ALL, NOW WE HAVE
THE SAME AMOUNT OF MONSTERS,
BUT NOT THE SAME
AMOUNT OF LIFE POINTS!
[SIGH]
I'LL PLAY A CARD
FACEDOWN,
AND THAT
WILL SUFFICE.
OH, MY!
"THAT WILL SUFFICE!"
SAY IT AGAIN!
IT SOUNDED SO COOL!
YOU KNOW...
I'M THINKING THAT
IT'S BEEN A COUPLE YEARS
SINCE TANIA'S INTERACTED
WITH A GUY.
COUPLE YEARS?
TRY DECADES, SY!
THIS LADY IS MAN-CRAZY!
I'M QUITE FLATTERED.
BUT I'M WELL AWARE OF
WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO DO.
YOU'RE TRYING
TO DISTRACT ME.
BUT I CAN TELL YOU
RIGHT NOW, MY DEAR...
IT'S SIMPLY
NOT GOING TO WORK.
I'M TOO FOCUSED.
OH, ARE YOU? WE'LL SEE!
I PLAY THE AMAZONESS
BLOWPIPER!
AND I PLAY MY FACEDOWN!
MAGNET FORCE MINUS!
WHEN THIS CARD
IS ACTIVATED...
IT CAN EQUIP
ONTO ONE MONSTER!
THEN, WHO
IT'S EQUIPPED TO...
GAINS
A NEGATIVE MAGNETISM
AND BECOMES WHAT'S KNOWN
AS A MINUS MONSTER.
OH.
AND FROM THERE, DEAR,
IT GETS INTERESTING.
SEE...
TWO MINUS MONSTERS?
WELL, I'M AFRAID
THEY'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO ENGAGE IN BATTLE
WITH EACH OTHER,
BUT...A MINUS
AND A PLUS?
IF THEY'RE OUT,
THEY MUST FIGHT.
SO, SINCE AMAZONESS
BLOWPIPER IS A MINUS MONSTER...
AND MAGNET WARRIOR
SIGMA PLUS
IS A PLUS MONSTER...
IT'S ON.
YOU'VE HEARD
THAT OLD QUOTE,
"OPPOSITES ATTRACT"?
WELL, I'M AFRAID
IT'S TRUE!
I KNOW IT!
AFTER ALL, JUST LOOK
AT THE TWO OF US!
OH, STOP IT!
STOP IT?
WHY DON'T I JUST
STOP YOU FROM WINNING
THIS BATTLE INSTEAD?
GO, AMAZONESS SPELLCASTER!
NOW ONE AMAZONESS
AND ONE MONSTER ON THE FIELD
EXCHANGE THEIR ATTACK POINTS
WITH EACH OTHER!
[THINKING]
WHAT?
THIS IS BAD.
NOW BASTION'S MONSTER
IS GOING TO BE
OUTMATCHED!
ATTACK!
AMAZONESS BLOWPIPER!
[GROANING]
AND NOW,
THE AMAZONESS SWORDSWOMAN
WILL ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
GO, AMAZON SLASH ATTACK!
THAT WAS FUN.
BUT HOW?!
THAT'S TWO TIMES
THAT SHE'S BEEN ABLE
TO OUTTHINK ME.
I GUESS WE KNOW
WHERE OUR KIDS
ARE GOING TO GET
THEIR SMARTS FROM, THEN.
WHAT?! OUR KIDS?!
WE ARE ENEMIES!
RIVALS!
DURING THIS DUEL, WE ARE.
BUT AFTERWARDS?
WE'LL BE BETROTHED
TO EACH OTHER!
JUST THINK ABOUT IT!
YOU'LL BE
MR. TANIA THE AMAZON WOMAN!
YOU'RE RELENTLESS.
TRULY, ARE YOU THAT
SMITTEN WITH ME?
I PREFER "IN LOVE."
YOU HARDLY KNOW ME!
I KNOW ENOUGH.
MY LITTLE
SUGAR BOOGER.
UGH.
[THINKING]
KEEP YOUR COOL, BASTION.
SHE'S JUST TRYING
TO DISTRACT YOU,
LIKE HOW THOSE SILLY
CARD CRUSHES DISTRACT
SYRUS AND CHUMLEY.
BUT YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN ABOVE THAT!
[GRUNT]
NO! GET OUT!
I'M ABOVE ALL THIS!
BASTION SURE IS
ACTING WEIRD.
LOVE WORKS
IN MYSTERIOUS WAYS.
QUIET!
I'M NOT IN LOVE!
[THINKING]
AND I'LL PROVE IT
BY TAKING TANIA DOWN!
MY TURN! HA!
RIGHT. I ACTIVATE...
MAGNET CONDUCTOR PLUS!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO
BRING A PLUS MONSTER
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
TO MY HAND!
SO COME ON BACK,
MAGNET WARRIOR
SIGMA PLUS!
HOWEVER, HE WON'T
BE OUT FOR LONG,
BECAUSE HE
AND THE MAGNET WARRIOR
OMEGA MINUS FROM MY HAND
ARE NOW GOING
RIGHT BACK TO THE GRAVE
SO THAT I CAN SUMMON
CONDUCTION WARRIOR
LINEAR MAGNUM
PLUS MINUS!
AND NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
WARRIOR MAGNUM PLUS MINUS'
SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT ADDS HALF
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF ONE MAGNET MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
TO THE WARRIOR MAGNUM'S
ATTACK POINTS!
HE'S GOT HER
OUTMATCHED NOW!
NOW, WARRIOR MAGNUM!
ATTACK
AMAZONESS BLOWPIPER!
WITH POLARIZING
PULVERIZING BLAST!
UNH!
NEXT I'LL PLACE
TWO FACEDOWNS,
AND I THINK THAT'LL DO.
WHAT A MOVE!
NO WONDER I LOVE YOU!
AND, SWEETIE,
BECAUSE I DO...
I MUST BEAT YOU.
AND WITH AMAZONESS
SWORDSWOMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
WHERE EVEN IF SHE
LOSES IN BATTLE,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE...
I WILL!
NOW, AMAZONESS SWORDSWOMAN!
STRIKE DOWN CONDUCTION WARRIOR
LINEAR MAGNUM PLUS MINUS
WITH AMAZON SLASH ATTACK!
[THINKING]
THIS IS IT!
I BETTER THINK FAST,
OR THIS DUEL'S
GOING TO BE OVER FAST!
Tania:
AMAZON SLASH ATTACK!
SORRY!
BUT I PLAY A FACEDOWN!
POWER OFF!
NOW WARRIOR MAGNUM
PLUS MINUS
SPLITS BACK INTO
THE TWO MONSTERS
THAT ORIGINATED HIM.
NO FAIR!
YEAH!
TIGHT MOVE!
YES, I AGREE.
GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE TO
GET YOU NEXT TURN.
AND WITH AMAZONESS PALADIN
NOW OUT ON THE FIELD,
YOU CAN BE SURE I WILL,
BECAUSE MY PALADIN?
SHE GAINS AN EXTRA
100 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY CARD ON MY FIELD
THAT HAS THE NAME
"AMAZONESS" IN IT!
NEXT, I'LL PLACE
TWO CARDS FACEDOWN.
AND THAT'LL DO FOR NOW.
[THINKING]
WELL, AT LEAST
SHE'S CONCENTRATING
ON HER DUELING
INSTEAD OF ON ME.
ALL RIGHT.
IT'S MY MOVE NOW!
SPEAKING OF MOVES,
SWEETIE,
I THINK THAT...
IT'S PROBABLY BEST
THAT YOU MOVE IN WITH ME.
YOU KNOW,
AFTER WE GET MARRIED.
OH, WE'LL JUST HAVE
THE COZIEST HOME SWEET HOME!
OHH.
OH, I'M SORRY, HONEY.
AM I DISTRACTING YOU AGAIN
WITH THIS TALK ABOUT
HOW MUCH I LOVE YOU?
AND HOW POSITIVELY
HANDSOME YOU ARE?
HA HA HA! OH!
THERE I GO AGAIN!
[GROANING]
I GUESS THAT I SIMPLY
CAN'T HELP MYSELF.
I'M HEAD OVER HEELS!
YES...ME, TOO.
[CHUCKLES]
TANIA...
YUCK. ARE THERE
BARF BAGS
ON THIS FLIGHT?
AW, MAN!
BASTION'S GETTING
ALL FLUSHED!
AND ALL SIDETRACKED!
NOT GOOD.
ALL RIGHT!
MY TURN!
FIRST OFF,
I SUMMON MAGNET WARRIOR
SIGMA MINUS
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT,
I'LL PLAY MY FACEDOWN!
100,000 GAUSS!
YOU SEE,
I CAN ACTIVATE THIS
WHEN I HAVE A PLUS MONSTER
AND A MINUS MONSTER
OUT UPON MY FIELD.
IT LETS ME SWITCH
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
TO ATTACK MODE
AND REDUCE
THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 800!
ALL RIGHT!
THAT'S SWEET!
NOW BASTION'S
GOT THE MONSTERS
AND THE MATCH-UP
HE NEEDS!
THIS DUEL IS
TOTALLY IN THE BAG!
I WOULD THINK SO, TOO,
UNTIL I SAW
DRAMATIC RESCUE!
IT LETS ME RETURN
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
TO MY HAND
AND THEN SUMMON
A DIFFERENT ONE TO THE FIELD.
AND AS YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE,
THIS ONE IS
VERY DIFFERENT, INDEED!
COME OUT,
AMAZONESS TIGER!
AND DON'T TRY CATCHING
THIS TIGER BY THE TOE,
BECAUSE SHE GAINS
400 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EACH AMAZONESS
OUT ON THE FIELD.
SO NOT LISHUS!
AND...WHEN THIS CARD'S
OUT AND ABOUT,
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO ATTACK ANY OTHER
AMAZONESS MONSTERS BUT IT.
SO...
THERE'S NO CHOICE?
HE HAS TO
ATTACK THAT TIGER?
[THINKING]
SIMPLE.
I HAVE 3
MAGNET WARRIORS OUT.
I'LL USE ONE
TO ELIMINATE
AMAZONESS TIGER,
THEN, ANOTHER ONE
TO DESTROY
THE AMAZONESS
SWORDSWOMAN.
THEN, I'LL USE
THE REMAINING ONE
TO ATTACK TANIA DIRECTLY
AND WIN.
FUN DUEL!
BUT I'M AFRAID
IT'S ABOUT TO BE OVER!
GO, MAGNET WARRIOR,
OMEGA MINUS ATTACK,
AND TAME THAT
AMAZONESS TIGER!
YOU MUST BE DISTRACTED.
OTHERWISE, YOU MOST CERTAINLY
WOULD'VE SEEN THAT...
I HAVE A FACEDOWN OUT!
AMAZONESS ARCHERS!
[GASP]
SORRY, HON,
BUT NOW ALL
OF YOUR MONSTERS
ARE SWITCHED
INTO ATTACK MODE
AND LOSE 600
ATTACK POINTS!
THEY'RE ALSO ALL
FORCED TO WAGE BATTLE--
RIGHT THIS INSTANT!
BUT IF THEY DO THAT,
THEY'LL HAVE TO
ATTACK THAT TIGER!
AND SHE HAS
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN ANY OF THEM!
HE WALKED
RIGHT INTO A TRAP.
WHAT WAS HE
THINKING?
THAT'S JUST IT.
WITH ALL THAT LOVE TALK,
I DOUBT HE WAS.
[MEOW]
NOW, AMAZONESS TIGER!
SHOW BASTION THAT OPPOSITES
DON'T JUST ATTRACT...
THEY ATTACK!
SIC' HIM!
FANG FRENZY!
[YELLING]
[GRUNTING]
I'M...ALL YOURS.
UNH! BASTION!
KITTY?
OHH! WHOA!
[SHOUTING]
OH, NO. BASTION.
HEY!
Tania: HA HA HA!
SORRY. BASTION AND I
ARE OFFICIALLY
ON OUR HONEYMOON NOW.
SO GET LOST!
THIS ISN'T OVER!
YOU HEAR ME?!